Sinatra is no more that was a feat
worthy of heroes of the Elder Days I am
honored to have witnessed it you were
part of it as well thank you for your
aid in the fight I am pleased to have
done my part that is one less threat to
my people what of your friend Gail Ron
did you find him sadly I was unable to
save gal Ron I discovered he fell in the
same battle in which I was captured I
recovered his war gear from the orcs and
I wish you to have it gal Ron would be
pleased to know it was still being used
to fight the enemy I must hasten home to
inform my lord of everything that I've
learned here I shall pause only long
enough to consult with radagast farewell
eridan
the little cave swallow has told me that
August Slayer can be found I can guide
us there when you are ready to depart
we are very close to the dragon's lair
and must now go more cautiously if all
ghosts was to catch us airborne he might
lay as low with a single blast of Dragon
Fire it is best you proceed on foot
while we shadow you from above I see the
ruins of mighty works in the surrounding
cliffs what might they be I can answer
that what you see or all the remains of
the mansions of my kin the long beards
once there was a mighty host of dwarves
living in these mountains before the
Dragons came from the northern wastes to
plunder our homes ought to have seen
these realms in the days of their glory
seems were always fated to lose the
fruits of our labor do you believe her
ghost will be on guard against intruders
I hope it is not so but the keen senses
of dragons are legendary I fear he will
see hear or smell us long before we can
come to grips with him still if a
Gonzales minions I hear about it may be
that their presence will mask our own
no point in delaying any further let's
press on as swiftly as we may let us
hope dragons are less formidable than
legend makes them
ah
what let are these perhaps these are
some remnant of the men who served the
witch-king long ago